Still a Paradise in Santa Cruz
"This is a resort I regularly visit because of their butterfly park and aviary. The gardens are awesome and give you a glimpse of native South American forests, so the vegetation is rather exotic as well. There are plenty of orchids, bromeliad and several sorts of ferns which altogether make up a magic atmosphere.

The park itself has several pools, which comprise a day club with a SPA, a couple of bars and a gourmet restaurant. The food is awesome and unfortunately for me ( who needs to lose some 60 pounds) the portions are also rather generous.

There are also several cabins and a hotel. I stayed on Cabin 02 which is for two persons, and it is near the reception. The decoration is well made and the paintings are all signed by the Author.

The original theme of the park was the human mind, thus there is a very well made museum of natural history, called the "Evolusseum" which is equipped with a multimedia and english guiding system.

Users can also play sports ( soccer and volleyball ) or ride a train ( or whatever that vehicle came from or even horses.

The days spent in Guembe were urgently needed after this horrendous year, and I thank with my hearth the staff for always being there for me."



Yearly visit
"Visit Santa Cruz each year for work from Nova Scotia, Canada. Always make a point to visit here. Love getting my yearly selfie with the Toucans!!! Totally recommend visiting Bolivia, never had anything but great experiences, even met the President of Bolivia in Feb 2020 when she walked into the restaurant we were dining in."



Great place to visit with friends and family
"The owner of Güembé developed this land as a sanctuary for butterflies, some typical birds and animals from the amazons.
Our hostess was Ilia, she spoke several languages and labeled herself as an intelectual. Ilia did not disappoint, she knew every aspect of the resort as she was giving us the tour.
You can stay the entire day, walking the grounds , using the many amenities as rowing lift boats. They have many swimming pools. They also serve food in their restaurant.
I would highly recommend that you visit this sanctuary."



Impressed as tourists
"We had a spare day in santa cruz so thought we'd go for a visit here. We were shocked with the entry fee do a bit annoyed to start with. Anyway the plyour face, thought it was well done but were still reeling about the price. We went to the butterfly hous4 first and it was amazing except there weren't any butterflies. Next the aviary. Amazing. So big. Lots of McCaws, a great mirador and a few other birds. Mo toucans as promised. But still pleasant. Then we went fir a walk and saw lots if squirrel monkeys. So adorable.
Then we discovered the pools. This really really impressed us we stayed for ages even though it rained. As we left we thought that it was money well spent. We had a fabulous relaxing day. Congratulations guembe. Your park is superb."



Nature refreshing contact
"Beautiful place, lots of plants and animals, nice swimming pools and lagoons. Birds (toucans, blue and red parabas, ostriches, etc.) are inside an enormous cage, they walk and fly around you. Don't give them your finger!!! There is also a cage with only butterflies. Tickets for adults cost less than $US20. It takes 30 minutes and there is a bus that depart every hour from Ventura mall and the last one return a 5pm. Bus ticket $US2. Don't miss it!! It has a hotel, restaurant and small snacks."



Nice walk, interesting animals, great place for a swim on a hot day
"I would recommend Guembe as a place to hang out by the beautiful pools on a hot day. The walks are OK, but not hugely special. Birds and butterfly’s are pretty amazing."



Perfect spot to see wildlife and hangout in Santa Cruz
"We planned to spend 2 days in the Guembe resort but at the end we prolonged to three days and skipped the Samaipata. This was our end of 3 weeks travelling around Bolivia and we wanted to rest before flying home.

Why we loved the place:

1. interaction with animals. We were so close to parrots (all kinds, but we loved the huuge Aras), monkeys and butterflies like nowhere else.

2. butterflies. This all started with butterflies and they do great tours where they explain how the butterfly is born and how long they live.. and the species that have are amazing / butterfly bigger than my hand..

3. pools. There are so many places to rest near water.. two main pools and several smaller ones plus natural ponds where we rented a kayak.

4. many activities for everyone> animals, mini golf, beer garden, a spot for kids to play

5. morning/evening walks. we stayed overnight and had the park and animals for ourselves. They open at 9:30 and close around 6pm.

Ther service is nice, food okay, espresso small and strong enough :)."



Amazing!
"Guembe is awesome! There is something for everyone. There are plenty of pools - big and little. There is an area with monkeys, birds, turtles and butterflies. There is a restaurant and other smaller huts to get food. There is a small gift shop. The bathrooms were clean. The staff was friendly. The only negative is that we were there on a Friday over a long holiday. The lines for the barbecue and buffet were ridiculously long. We asked the waitress for bottled waters and silverware and never got them. We even asked twice. We could have gotten up and left and not paid for the juices we ordered. She never came to check on us. Other than that, it is amazing"



A nice day out
"From our hotel the cost to get there was 80 bolivar.

The park itself is well looked after. The bird sanctuary was interesting as the birds do get pretty close to you. The Toucan where we sat was entertainment as it tried to nibble my shirt.

The pool area is nice also although we did not try swimming

Good place to take children as well"




A grat place to go with hot weather !
"Very nice place to go with friends or family, specially when the weather is hot to take advantage of all the water (swimmingpools,etc.)
Please take note that you are not permmited to take your ouwn food you have to buy in the place and the prices are a bit expensive for the quality of the food and service."



Beautiful place
"If you want to see a lot of nature, birds, butterflies, flowers and swimming in differents swimming pools, this is your place"




